[Music]
so we're just meant to load the animals
now in the car ready for the journey
get on the right
[Music]
this is the first release for the
sanctuary and this is the first step of
hopefully menu that we're going to do I
can't wait to get these guys all back
out the first
[Music]
for their tortoises the river have been
rescued from local market ultimately
they would have been sold for food
beautiful absolutely beautiful
[Music]
that's good yeah I think releasing the
leper cats is not only a highlight of my
time here at the sanctuary but even a
highlight of my entire career because
like I've worked with cats all of my
life and that's the first time I've put
them back in the world
[Music]
this is what I dreamed of as a kid
there's no better day this is what it's
all about it's great rescuing animals
but surely the end goal has to be
getting them back out where they belong
[Music]